ng new ccf-library --createApplication=false
    Above command will create a workspace without any projects in it.

ng generate library ccf
    Above command will generate a ccf project inside the workspace.

ng generate application ccf-testing
    Above command will generate an application to test the library created.

angular.json
    two projects will be added one is library and another one is application to test the library which can be differenciated
based on projectType

package.json
    new entry will be added for packaging the library(ng-packagr).

tsconfig.json
    new entry will be created as destination for build output unter paths. ---- Ref 01.

package.json - which belongs to workspace, not the package.json file inside library or application folder.
    add a new entry to build our library created
    "ccfbuild": "ng build ccf"

Try building the library using the below command
    "npm run ccfbuild"
    The library will be generated under the dist folder which is ready to use.

Next will try to use the library inside the ccf-testing application
    1. Import CcfModule from 'ccf' - tsconfig.json helps us resolve the path using paths entries as in Ref 01.
    2. Add component selector inside app.component.html
    3. Run the application using "ng serve ccf-testing" command.

There are different ways of using the library file inside our application one such way is to create a tgz file.
    1. Navigate inside dist folder where the build is available cd ./dist/ccf
    2. npm pack
    3. next we can use npm install passing this tgz file
        npm install ./dist/ccf/ccf-0.0.1.tgz
    4. this will create a new entry in package.json of workspace using file url and not using paths.
        "ccf": "file:dist/ccf/ccf-0.0.1.tgz"
    5. Next remove the paths entry from tsconfig.json file to test the modification.
    6. build the ccf-testing application using below command.
        ng build ccf-testing
    7. Run the ccf-testing using simple http server
        cd ./dist/ccf-testing
        http-server


Steps:
npm install

ng build ccf --watch

ng serve ccf-testing


checkout 
http://awsprodgitbucket.cloud.operative.com/projects/COM/repos/aos-ccf/browse

go inside src/main/resources

paste the workspace

don't paste node_modules

add ur local changes which u have done for AOS LICO object under ccf library.

test with above steps - npm install, ng build ccf --watch ng serve ccf-testing

